Update deps and prepare release of cargo-concordium and vscode ext (#185)
Concordium/concordium-smart-contract-tools: cargo-concordium/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased changes

## 4.0.0

- Use smart contract v1 cost configuration when simulating locally (the reduce execution cost introduced as part of Concordium Protocol Version 7)
- Added a `--tag <RELEASE-TAG>` option to `cargo concordium init` to allow specifying the release tag of the templates.
  Defaults to `releases/templates/latest`.
- When running integration tests the module output path is now exposed to the
  tests via the `CARGO_CONCORDIUM_TEST_MODULE_OUTPUT_PATH` environment variable.

> - Introduce a default build output (`--out <PATH>`) path to `concordium-out/module.wasm.v1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the default build output (`--out <PATH>`) path `concordium-out/module.wasm.v1`.
```

> - Remove requirement for `--out` flag when using the `--verifiable` flag, now using the default output path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change `--out` flag being optional when using the `--verifiable` flag.
- Change `--verifiable` flag to use the default output path if the `--out` flag is not set.
```
